[Back](./)

# Preprocessor
Some special features can be enabled/disable via preprocessor directives.

## #program
* `#program name YourProgramName`: Set program's name. Only regular letters and numbers allowed, max 30 chars in length.
A value is mandatory for deployment.
* `#program description Your program description`: Set program's description. No new lines and max length is 1000 chars.
This is optional.
* `#program activationAmount VALUE`: Set program's activation amount. If VALUE is fixed point (Example: `.34`), it is used as Signa amount. If not, the value will be set in NQT (Example: `3400_0000`). If an incoming transaction has an amount is less than this value, it will not be processed by program (but the amount will be received!). Set a low value but bigger than worst case amount needed to run in your program. If set too low, your program will be frozen during execution (out of gas). If set too high, program balance will be high after execution (unspent balance). Remember to handle this case if creating serious program!
A value is mandatory for deployment.
* `#program codeHashId N`: Ensure the compiled program will have this exact code hash id.
Use `0` to make this information available at assembly output (during development).
Use the actual number if you plan do distribute the source code, so the compiler will raise an error on divergency.
This is optional.
* `#program codeStackPages N`: Code pages are used during function calls, to store the instruction pointer return position (also know as Program Counter). Default value is zero if not needed, or one if needed. Every page allows to store 16 values. Tweak this value if using many nested functions or recursive functions. Maximum value is 10 pages.
* `#program userStackPages N`: User pages are used during function calls to pass arguments values, to store function return value, or to store function scope variables during recursive calls. Default value is zero if not needed, or one if needed. Tweak this value if using more than 16 arguments on functions or recursive functions. Maximum value is 10 pages.

## #include

### API functions
* `#include APIFunctions [true/false/1/0/]`: Make Signum API functions available for use as functions. Default value is `false`. It can be enabled by declaring it with empty argument, `true` or `1`. Function names follow the [ciyam at documentation](https://ciyam.org/at/at_api.html). All API names and a pseudo-code are avaliable also in section **API Pseudo-Code**.  The prototypes of available functions are:

```c
#define APIFunctions

// Get/Set functions for “pseudo registers”
long Get_A1(void);
long Get_A2(void);
long Get_A3(void);
long Get_A4(void);
long Get_B1(void);
long Get_B2(void);
long Get_B3(void);
long Get_B4(void)
void Set_A1(long);
void Set_A2(long);
void Set_A3(long);
void Set_A4(long);
void Set_A1_A2(long);
void Set_A3_A4(long);
void Set_B1(long);
void Set_B2(long);
void Set_B3(long);
void Set_B4(long);
void Set_B1_B2(long);
void Set_B3_B4(long);
void Clear_A(void);
void Clear_B(void);
void Clear_A_And_B(void);
void Copy_A_From_B(void);
void Copy_B_From_A(void);
long Check_A_Is_Zero(void);
long Check_B_Is_Zero(void);
long Check_A_Equals_B(void);
void Swap_A_and_B(void);
void OR_A_with_B(void);
void OR_B_with_A(void);
void AND_A_with_B(void);
void AND_B_with_A(void);
void XOR_A_with_B(void);
void XOR_B_with_A(void);
void Add_A_To_B(void);
void Add_B_To_A(void);
void Sub_A_From_B(void);
void Sub_B_From_A(void);
void Mul_A_By_B(void);
void Mul_B_By_A(void);
void Div_A_By_B(void);
void Div_B_By_A(void);

// Functions that perform hash operations
void MD5_A_To_B(void);
long Check_MD5_A_With_B(void);
void HASH160_A_To_B(void);
long Check_HASH160_A_With_B(void);
void SHA256_A_To_B(void);
long Check_SHA256_A_With_B(void);
long Check_Sig_B_With_A(void);

// Generic functions that get block and tx info
long Get_Block_Timestamp(void);
long Get_Creation_Timestamp(void);
long Get_Last_Block_Timestamp(void);
void Put_Last_Block_Hash_In_A(void);
void A_To_Tx_After_Timestamp(long)
long Get_Type_For_Tx_In_A(void);
long Get_Amount_For_Tx_In_A(void);
long Get_Timestamp_For_Tx_In_A(void);
long Get_Random_Id_For_Tx_In_A(void);
void Message_From_Tx_In_A_To_B(void);
void B_To_Address_Of_Tx_In_A(void);
void B_To_Address_Of_Creator(void);
long Get_Code_Hash_Id(void);
void B_To_Assets_Of_Tx_In_A(void);

// Generic functions that check balances and perform ops
long Get_Current_Balance(void);
long Get_Previous_Balance(void);
void Send_To_Address_In_B(long);
void Send_All_To_Address_In_B(void);
void Send_Old_To_Address_In_B(void);
void Send_A_To_Address_In_B(void);
long Add_Minutes_To_Timestamp(long, long);
long Get_Map_Value_Keys_In_A(void);
void Set_Map_Value_Keys_In_A(void);
long Issue_Asset(void);
void Mint_Asset(void);
void Distribute_To_Asset_Holders(void);
long Get_Asset_Holders_Count(void);
long Get_Asset_Circulating(void);
long Get_Activation_Fee(void);
void Put_Last_Block_GSig_In_A(void);
```

### Fixed API functions
* `#include fixedAPIFunctions [true/false/1/0/]`: Make the fixed numbers versions of Signum API functions available for use. Default value is `false`. It can be enabled by declaring it with empty argument, `true` or `1`. Function names are similar to the regular versions, but prepended with 'F_'. The prototypes of available functions are:

```c
#define fixedAPIFunctions

fixed F_Get_A1(void);
fixed F_Get_A2(void);
fixed F_Get_A3(void);
fixed F_Get_A4(void);
fixed F_Get_B1(void);
fixed F_Get_B2(void);
fixed F_Get_B3(void);
fixed F_Get_B4(void);
void  F_Set_A1(fixed);
void  F_Set_A2(fixed);
void  F_Set_A3(fixed);
void  F_Set_A4(fixed);
void  F_Set_B1(fixed);
void  F_Set_B2(fixed);
void  F_Set_B3(fixed);
void  F_Set_B4(fixed);

fixed F_Get_Amount_For_Tx_In_A(void);
fixed F_Get_Current_Balance(void);
fixed F_Get_Previous_Balance(void);
void  F_Send_To_Address_In_B(fixed);

fixed F_Get_Map_Value_Keys_In_A(void);
fixed F_Get_Activation_Fee(void);
fixed F_Get_Asset_Circulating(void);
```

## #define
Preprocessor definitions will change code before compilation.
* `#define CNAME`: Just define CNAME with an empty value, or delete its content if it was previously defined.
* `#define CNAME value or expression`: Replaces all ocurrences of 'CNAME' to 'value or expression' starting on next line. Compiler defines: `true` for 1; `false` and `NULL` for 0; `SMARTC` with empty value.
* `#define MACRO(arguments) (expression)`: Replaces all ocurrences of 'MACRO' to 'expression', starting on next line.
It works similar to a function, but no function call is executed.
Must be one line instruction (or use `\` at the end of line to escape the newline char).
Many arguments can be used.
* `#undef CNAME`: Undefine CNAME.
* `#ifdef CNAME`: Start a block to be included if CNAME is defined. Note that CNAME value does not matter and can be empty value. Block must end with a '#endif' directive. Blocks can be nested.
* `#ifndef CNAME`: Complementary of '#ifdef'. Includes a block if CNAME is not defined.
* `#else`: Can be used with '#ifdef' or '#ifndef' to toggle the addition of some source code block.
* `#endif`: Ends a block to be included.

## #pragma
Special features used by compiler.
* `#pragma maxAuxVars N`: Used to tell compiler how many auxiliary variables will be available (they are used as registers). Default value is `3`, min value is `1` and max is `10`. If you are under memory pressure, try to reduce to minimal necessary for compiling. Simple contracts will use around 2 values, but this number depends on nested operations.
* `#pragma maxConstVars N`: Compiler will create variable from 1 to maxConstVars. Variables will be named 'n1', 'n2', ... 'n10'. It is very usefull to use, because compiler will change all numbers references to these variables and optimize code, making code much much smaller! Default min value is `0` (deactivated) and max is `10`.
* `#pragma optimizationLevel N`: Choose strategy for code optimizer. It can be between 0 and 3.
  * 0: No optimization.
  * 1: Very basic optimization, just remove silly and unused code.
  * 2: **Default**. Safely change and/or delete code for smarter outcome.
  * 3: Dangerous optimizations no well tested. Result must be inspected by developer.
* `#pragma reuseAssignedVar [true/false/1/0/]`: When set, compiler will try to use a variable on left side of and `Assignment` as a register. If variable is also used on right side, the compiler will not reuse it. This can save one assembly instruction for every expression used! Default value is `true` and it is highly recomended to maintain it active.
* `#pragma version N`: Informs which compiler's version the code was developed. Must be set if not using development version. To skip this check, set it to `dev`.
* `#pragma verboseAssembly [true/false/1/0/]`: Adds a comment in assembly output with the corresponding line number and the source code. Very usefull for debug.

### Escaping new line
Just end a line with `\` and it will be joined to the next one. It can be used anywhere, even inside "strings". Usefull for multiline program description, #define for a macro, or in middle of a variable name!

[Back](./)
